Add `bootstrap.py` script which takes care of post-checkout tasks (#19736)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/building_from_source/index.rst

Building Emscripten from Source
===============================

Building Emscripten yourself is an alternative to getting binaries using the
emsdk.

> Emscripten itself is written on Python and JavaScript so does not need to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emscripten itself is written in Python and JavaScript so it does not need to be
```

Author: I think "do does" and "do it does" are both are grammatically correct but when with your suggestion.

compiled.  However, after checkout you will need to perform various steps
before it can be used (e.g. ``npm install``).  The ``bootstrap`` script in the
top level of the repository takes care of running these steps and ``emcc`` will

> error out if you it detects that ``bootstrap`` needs to be run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
error out if it detects that ``bootstrap`` needs to be run.
```
